

Typodermic Freeware Fonts End User License Agreement

The Typodermic fonts contained in this file are free to use for personal and/or commercial purposes. No payment is necessary to use these fonts for personal or commercial use. For Software Products who want to include these fonts, see the License Agreement below. You can add this font to a website but do not combine fonts into a single archive or alter them in any way.

Payment:

No payment is required for the use of this font unless it is included with software. See the license agreement for more details. This font is part of a larger family of fonts available at www.typodermic.com. If you find this font useful, please check out the rest of the font family as well as the other fonts Typodermic has to offer. Several other fonts have free versions available. If you have technical problems with this font, visit Typodermic to ensure that you have the latest version. Many fonts have several versions available on various font sites on the web, many of which are older versions.

Font installation help is available at http://www.myfonts.com/support

    Q: How can I use this font in AOL Instant Messenger, MSN Messenger, Outlook, Outlook Express, Euodora or any other email software?
    A: At the time of this writing (October 2004) you can’t. After installing one of my fonts, you may be able to select it in the above applications but the person at the other end won’t see that same thing unless they have the font installed. If you really want to use my fonts in these applications, make sure the people at the other end have the same fonts installed.

    Q: How can I use these fonts on a web page?
    A: If you’re creating a web page using Flash, it’s easy. Consult your Flash manual. If you’re using Acrobat, make sure the font embedding settings are turned on. Consult your Acrobat manual. For anything else there are limitations: If you want to use one of my fonts as your main, text font you’re pretty much out of luck unless you explore a font embedding tool such as WEFT but I don’t recommend it. To use my fonts as headings or titles, use image creation software such as The Gimp, Photoshop, Paint Shop Pro, Pixia etc. Save the images as GIF files and place them on your web page. There’s a lot more to it than can be explained here but there are countless books available on web page design.

    Q: How can I make these fonts bigger?
    A: All my fonts are infinitely scalable; the limitations are in your software. A common problem is scaling fonts in Microsoft Word. If you choose Format / Font you can type in any number you like under “size”.

    Q: Are these fonts really free?
    A: Yes they are.

    Q: I saw this font on another web site under the name Larabie Fonts, why is it listed as Typodermic now?
    A: Larabie Fonts and Typodermic were both started by Ray Larabie. This font may have been originally released under Larabie Fonts. Before Typodermic existed, several freeware fonts from Larabie Fonts had expanded families available sold as Deluxe versions. When Typodermic came into existence in 2001, the Deluxe fonts were gradually renamed and moved to the Typodermic foundry.

    Q: Is this font the same as the “pay” version of the font? For example: is Zekton Free the same as Zekton regular?
    A: Yes. There is no difference in the quality or completeness between the  free version and the pay version; only the name and license agreement is different. If you downloaded this font from a site other then Typodermic or MyFonts.com, you should visit Typodermic and download the latest version.

    Q: Why would I pay for this font when I already have it for free?
    A: If you visit Typodermic you can see the difference. The version of the font for sale comes with several different styles, making it much more versatile. You can purchase the whole font family for what some foundries charge for a single font!

    Q: Your licence agreement states that the fonts can’t be altered. Does that mean I can’t mess around with your fonts in Photoshop/Illustrator/Publisher etc?
    A: Those license restrictions refer to altering the actual fonts themselves, not what you make with them. As long as you don’t alter the font files in font creation software such as FontLab or Fontographer you’re free to create anything you like with them.

    Q: Can I use your fonts in a logo?
    A: Yes. But check with a lawyer if you’re not sure. It’s okay with me if you use it but do so at your own risk.

    Q: Can I send you a sample of the nifty thing I created with your fonts?
    A: Of course. Check www.typodermic.com/about.html for my current email or mailing address.

    Q: Can you make a custom font for me?
    A: Possibly. Check www.typodermic.com/custom.html for details.

    Q: I want to sell software that includes you font files.
    A: Contact me first at www.typodermic.com/about.html

    Q: I want to sell rubber stamp alphabets, alphabet punches or stencil alphabets using your font designs.
    A: Contact me first at www.typodermic.com/about.html.

    Q: My software won’t let me embed one of your fonts.
    A: You may have an old version of one of the fonts from Larabie Fonts. Uninstall it and install a current version.

    Q: Can you help me find a font?
    A: Yes, but don’t email me with your question. Please post your question on the Larabie Fonts font forum: www.larabiefonts.com/info.html.

TYPODERMIC END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR SOFTWARE PRODUCTS
SOFTWARE PRODUCT LICENSE

The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is protected by copyright laws and International copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is licensed, not sold.
1. GRANT OF LICENSE. This document grants you the following rights:

- Installation and Use. You may install and use an unlimited number of copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT. You may copy and distribute unlimited copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT as you receive them, in any medium, provided that you publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice. Keep intact all the notices that refer to this License and give any other recipients of the fonts a copy of this License along with the fonts.
2. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS.

- You may modify your copy or copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT or any portion of it, provided that you also meet all of these rules:

a) Do not alter in any way alphanumeric characters (A-Z, a-z, 1-9) contained in the font. An exception is converting between formats, here is allowed the nominal distortion that occurs during conversion from second order to third order quadratic curves (TrueType to Postscript) and vice versa.

b) Extra characters may be added; here it is allowed to use curves (shapes) from alphanumeric characters in fonts under same license.

c) It is allowed to modify and remove analpahbetics (punctuation, special characters, ligatures and symbols).

d) The original font name must be retained but can be augmented. (ie. a Font named Blue Highway can be renamed Blue Highway Cyrillic or Blue Highway ANSI, etc.)

e) Character mapping may be altered.

f) If the kerning information is altered or discarded it must be stated in the user notes or documentation.

g) All modifications must be released under this license.

LIMITED WARRANTY NO WARRANTIES. Larabie Fonts expressly disclaims any warranty for the SOFTWARE PRODUCT. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT and any related documentation is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, the implied warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. The entire risk arising out of use or performance of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT remains with you.

NO LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. In no event shall Ray Larabie or Typodermic be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use this product, even if Typodermic has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
3. MISCELLANEOUS

Should you have any questions concerning this document, or if you desire to contact Typodermic for any reason, please email http://www.typodermic.com/about.html.